About the job
Job Title

Backend Software Engineer

Job Description

Backend Software Engineer 

As a Backend Software Engineer, you will be involved in developing challenging software modules and systems within a complex and advanced environment in the medical, radiology informatics systems.

Philips is developing the Philips Radiology Informatics Management solution which can serve different steps in the radiology workflow. Philips Image Management solution provides a complete and scalable local and wide area Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS) solution for hospital and related institutions/sites, which will archive, distribute, retrieve, and display images and data from hospital modalities and information systems.

Your Role

You will be enhancing our clinical software products, specifically our Philips Image Management solutions, which play a crucial role in improving radiology workflows by ensuring efficient and reliable PACS systems that manage image and data distribution in hospital settings
You will be part of the R&D team of Philips Image Management Product, which serves different steps in the Radiology workflow
You will use AI development tools to boost your productivity and improve code quality
You will design and develop AWS Cloud compliant services and use Cloud base practices and architecture
You will design, implement, test, and integrate backend components, lead software design and technical reviews, mentor junior developers, and ensure high-quality, scalable code and compliance with engineering standards while collaborating on new and existing products.
You will explore and adopt new technologies to enhance development processes. 
A career at Philips comes with all sorts of wonderful benefits. Be sure to speak to your recruiter about benefits in your region. 

How We Work Together

We believe that we are better together than apart. For our office-based teams, this means working in-person at least 3 days per week. Onsite roles require full-time presence in the company’s facilities. Field roles are most effectively done outside of the company’s main facilities, generally at the customers’ or suppliers’ locations.

This role is an office role.

You're The Right Fit If

You hold a Bachelor's / Master's Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Technology or equivalent field
You have 4+ years of programming experience in C++ or C#
You have 4+ years of experience in backend development, including architecture design, infrastructure, networking, and system reliability
You are proficient in at least one of the following programming languages: C++, or C#
You have a solid understanding of the Windows Operating System and its implications on integrated applications
You have experience working with large-scale, complex systems and navigating extensive codebases
You are a team player with experience working with cross-functional teams
You have strong verbal and written communication skills in English.

Preferred Requirements

Experience with C and Oracle PLSQL
Experience with Python scripting
Experience with Cloud development practices
Familiarity with medical software development, including regulatory processes.

About Philips

We are a health technology company. We built our entire company around the belief that every human matters, and we won't stop until everybody everywhere has access to the quality healthcare that we all deserve. Do the work of your life to help improve the lives of others.

Learn more about our business. 
Discover our rich and exciting history. 
Learn more about our purpose.

If you’re interested in this role and have many, but not all, of the experiences needed, we encourage you to apply. You may still be the right candidate for this or other opportunities at Philips. Learn more about our commitment to diversity and inclusion here.

#HealthcareInformatics